README.md, before:

# separable n-dimensional convolution using CuPy

The core low-level function implemented here is an equivalent of
scipy.signal.upfirdn but with support for both CPU (via [NumPy]) and GPU
(via [CuPy]).

This function can be used to implement a wide variety of separable
convolution-based filtering operations on n-dimensional arrays. A subset of
functions from scipy.signal, scipy.ndimage and scikit-image built on top of
fast-upfirdn are provided in the [cupyext] library.

**Requires:**

- [NumPy]
- [CuPy]  (>=6.1)
- [SciPy] (>=0.19)

Optional (for testing/development):

- [pytest]

**Installation:**

This package is in the early stages of development and is not yet available via
[PyPI] or [conda]. Users can download the source from GitHub, navigate to
the source directory and run:

`Python
pip install . -v
`

## Similar Software

The [RAPIDS] project [cuSignal] provides a more comprehensive implementation
of functions from scipy.signal. Like [cupyext], it also depends on [CuPy], but
has an additional dependency on [Numba]. One other difference is at the time of
writing, it does not support all of the new boundary handling modes introduced
in SciPy 1.4.

[conda]: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/
[CuPy]: https://cupy.chainer.org
[cupyext]: https://github.com/grlee77/cupyext
[cuSignal]: https://github.com/rapidsai/cusignal
[Numba]: numba.pydata.org
[NumPy]: https://numpy.org/
[PyPI]: https://pypi.org
[pytest]: https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/
[RAPIDS]: https://rapids.ai
[SciPy]: https://scipy.org
[scikit-image]: https://scikit-image.org

Commit message:

black and flake8 formatting
update setup.py / version.py as in the shablona template

add .coveragerc

add setup.cfg

add Makefile

update benchmark

fix outdated imports

README.md, after:

# separable n-dimensional convolution using CuPy

The core low-level function implemented here is an equivalent of
``scipy.signal.upfirdn`` but with support for both CPU (via [NumPy]) and GPU
(via [CuPy]).

This function can be used to implement a wide variety of separable
convolution-based filtering operations on n-dimensional arrays. A subset of
functions from ``scipy.signal``, ``scipy.ndimage`` and ``scikit-image`` built
on top of fast-upfirdn are provided in the [cupyext] library.

The version of ``upfirdn`` here supports several signal extension modes. These
have been contributed upstream to SciPy and are available there for SciPy 1.4+.
A few additional keyword-only arguments are present in the present
implementation that do not exist in SciPy. These should be considered
experimental and subject to change.

**Requires:**

- [NumPy]
- [CuPy]  (>=6.1)
- [SciPy]  (>=0.19)

Optional (for testing/development):

- [pytest]

**Installation:**

This package is in the early stages of development and is not yet available via
[PyPI] or [conda]. Users can download the source from GitHub, navigate to
the source directory and run:

`Python
pip install . -v
`

## Similar Software

The [RAPIDS] project [cuSignal] provides a more comprehensive implementation
of functions from scipy.signal. Like [cupyext], it also depends on [CuPy], but
has an additional dependency on [Numba]. One other difference is at the time of
writing, it does not support all of the new boundary handling modes introduced
in SciPy 1.4.

[conda]: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/
[CuPy]: https://cupy.chainer.org
[cupyext]: https://github.com/grlee77/cupyext
[cuSignal]: https://github.com/rapidsai/cusignal
[Numba]: numba.pydata.org
[NumPy]: https://numpy.org/
[PyPI]: https://pypi.org
[pytest]: https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/
[RAPIDS]: https://rapids.ai
[SciPy]: https://scipy.org
[scikit-image]: https://scikit-image.org
